Welcome to your favorite
part of every single lesson,
where we go over what we went over-
>> Right.
>> at the end.
Yeah, so we started by gong over PSTN,
which is public switch telephone networks.
We related it to the packet
switch telephone networks.
Kind of Jobbed around it
about VOIP a little bit.
>> How VOIP connects to it.
>> How VOIP connects to it and kinda yeah.
Kinda explained a little bit about that,
it was fun.
>> Afterwards we talked about a big
open VOIP or open-source VOIP software
called Linphone and
we showed you how to get the source code.
Maybe you will try to take
a look at all the code and
how they interact with each other.
>> Yeah, it'll be good cuz we're actually
gonna walk you through a little bit of
Linphone stuff in the next module.
So, you'll get to kinda
see some of that and
maybe you take some time
to explore the source code.
You'll [SOUND] maybe get a little bit-
>> Yeah.
Exactly.
>> More familiar with it by
the time you see it.
And then codec selection.
>> Right, so.
>> Ren did a great job.
>> Yeah, finally.
And then Leslie, we went over more
in-depth explanation of codecs.
Then we talked about what kind of
codecs you might think of using.
Codec selection is usually up to the user.
Sometimes it's automated by what
kind of container you use or
whatever software you're using.
>> Great, so that mean's that
that's the end of this lesson and
actually the end of this module.
>> Right.
>> So,
make sure you get your cheat sheets ready.
Because I'm pretty sure
there's gonna video challenge.
Or if anything a little peer.
View assignment.
Coming up for you after your quiz.
Have fun with the rest of the modules and
we look forward to building this
application with you later in the course.
So yeah, have fun.
We'll see you in the next module.